*ouroboros.txt*  Plugin for replacing words by related words

Author:  Leo Carpenter <leo.carpenter.pro@gmail.com>
License: Same terms as Vim itself (see |license|)

INTRODUCTION                                    *ouroboros*

This plugin allows the user to replace the word under cursor by other words with
related (often symmetrical) meanings (e.g. true/false, begin/end, insert/remove,
one/two/three/..., ...). The replacement is performed cyclically based on a list
of words defined in a database file.

ENTRYPOINT                                      *ouroboros-entrypoint*

Entry points of the plugin functions Ouroboros() and Ouroboros_motion().
Function Ouroboros() is only able to replace the word under the cursor while
Ouroboros_motion() is deigned to be used with text objects and vim motions.

No default mappings are provided, the user has to define at least one in order
to use the plugin. Here are some examples of such mappings.

  " replace the word under the cursor
  nmap <silent> <leader>o :call Ouroboros()<CR>

  " replace a text object using vim motions
  nmap <silent> \ :set opfunc=Ouroboros_motion<CR>g@
  vmap <silent> \ :<C-U>call Ouroboros_motion(visualmode())<CR>

DATABASE                                        *ouroboros-database*

The databases containing replacement words is a list of files and their
locations are set in global variable g:ouroboros_db. By default the list
contained one location set to <plugin-path>/db/default.db. The user can change
this location as shown below.

  let g:ouroboros_db=['path/to/first/file','path/to/second/file']

Databases defined in g:ouroboros_db applied to all buffers by default. However,
this behavior can be changed for a buffer by setting b:ouroboros_db with a list
of files to use for this buffer instead of the global databases. This can be
automated by setting b:ouroboros_db in files defined in ftplugin/. The example
below set a specific database for cpp files.

  ~/.vim/ftplugin/cpp.vim
    -
    - let b:ouroboros_db=['~/.ouroboros_cpp.db']
    -

Database files contains sequences of words. Each sequence is written on a single
line and defines words that are part of the same replacement group. New
replacement groups can be added to a database file by simply adding lines to it.

  default.db
    - ...
    - true false
    - begin end
    - min max
    - start stop
    - ...

UPPERCASE                                       *ouroboros-uppercase*

There is no need to add duplicate entries in a database file to handle uppercase
strings (e,g, true/TRUE, begin/BEGIN, ...) or strings staring with a capital
letter (e.g. true/True, begin/Begin, ...). If a direct match cannot be found
while looking for a replacement, additionnal searches will be performed for
strings containg uppercase letters only and strings starting with a capital
letter.
